# Packages

<table><thead><tr><th width="93"></th><th>Package</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>flutter_sanity_portable_text</td><td>Flutter renderer for Sanity's Portable Text Format. Supports all standard style with the ability to customize blocks, styles and annotations.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>sanity_client</td><td>Dart Native client to connect to the Sanity.io CMS.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>vyuh_cache</td><td>Caching package for the Vyuh Framework that works with the Storage plugin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>vyuh_core</td><td>Core package that contains the main interfaces and types for the framework</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>vyuh_feature_system</td><td>Core feature for working with a CMS. Contains all the essential building blocks for a CMS driven experience.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>vyuh_feature_developer</td><td>A Developer tooling feature that shows the composition of a Vyuh-enabled App</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>vyuh_extension_content</td><td>Extension for working with CMS driven experience</td></tr><tr><td>Pro</td><td>vyuh_content_provider_sanity</td><td>CMS Content Provider for Sanity.io</td></tr><tr><td>Pro</td><td>vyuh_extension_script</td><td>Extension for executing JavaScript actions from a CMS.</td></tr><tr><td>Pro</td><td>vyuh_analytics_provider_firebase</td><td>Analytics Provider for Firebase. Includes support for Firebase Analytics, Crashlytics and Performance services.</td></tr><tr><td>Pro</td><td>vyuh_plugin_auth_firebase</td><td>Authentication Plugin for Firebase</td></tr><tr><td>Pro</td><td>vyuh_feature_firebase_auth</td><td>A set of UX building blocks for configuring Firebase Auth from a CMS</td></tr><tr><td>Pro</td><td>vyuh_feature_forms</td><td>Forms feature for creating simple to complex forms with fields and validations. Drive your entire form lifecycle from a CMS.</td></tr></tbody></table>
